com.netbeans                                                       org.netbeans
com.netbeans.ddl                                                   org.netbeans.lib.ddl
com.netbeans.developer                                             org.netbeans
com.netbeans.developer.awt                                         org.netbeans.lib.awtextra
com.netbeans.developer.docs                                        org.netbeans.docs
com.netbeans.developer.editors                                     org.netbeans.beaninfo.editors
com.netbeans.developer.explorer.propertysheet.editors              org.netbeans.modules.form.editors2
com.netbeans.developer.impl                                        org.netbeans.core
com.netbeans.developer.impl.beaninfo                               org.netbeans.beaninfo
com.netbeans.developer.impl.resources.tips                         org.netbeans.docs.tips.resources
com.netbeans.developer.modules                                     org.netbeans.modules
com.netbeans.developer.modules.browser                             org.netbeans.modules.objectbrowser
com.netbeans.developer.modules.loaders                             org.netbeans.modules
com.netbeans.developer.modules.loaders.txt                         org.netbeans.modules.text
com.netbeans.developer.modules.projectx                            org.netbeans.modules.projects
com.netbeans.developer.modules.text                                org.netbeans.modules.editor
com.netbeans.developer.updater                                     org.netbeans.updater
com.netbeans.developer.util                                        org.netbeans.modules.form.util2
com.netbeans.developerx.loaders.form                               org.netbeans.modules.form
com.netbeans.developerx.loaders.form.formeditor                    org.netbeans.modules.form.compat2
com.netbeans.editor                                                org.netbeans.editor
com.netbeans.enterprise.appsrv                                     org.netbeans.modules
com.netbeans.enterprise.deployment                                 org.netbeans.lib.deployment
com.netbeans.enterprise.modules                                    org.netbeans.modules
com.netbeans.enterprise.modules.debugger                           org.netbeans.modules.debugger.multisession
com.netbeans.enterprise.modules.dbjsp                              org.netbeans.modules.web.wizards.dbjsp
com.netbeans.enterprise.modules.servlet                            org.netbeans.modules.web.core
com.netbeans.enterprise.modules.vcs                                org.netbeans.modules.vcs.advanced
com.netbeans.enterprise.modules.vcs.cmdline                        org.netbeans.modules.vcs.advanced
com.netbeans.enterprise.modules.vcs.starteam                       org.netbeans.modules.vcs.starteam
com.netbeans.examples                                              org.netbeans.examples
com.netbeans.examples.modules.crosscompile                         org.netbeans.modules.crosscompile
com.netbeans.examples.modules.innertesters                         org.netbeans.modules.innertesters
com.netbeans.examples.modules.multicompile                         org.netbeans.modules.multicompile
com.netbeans.examples.modules.svuidwiz                             org.netbeans.modules.serialversion
com.netbeans.examples.modules.sysprops                             org.netbeans.modules.sysprops
com.netbeans.ftp                                                   org.netbeans.lib.ftp
com.netbeans.javac                                                 org.netbeans.lib.javac
com.netbeans.regexp                                                org.netbeans.lib.regexp
com.netbeans.sql                                                   org.netbeans.lib.sql
com.netbeans.timerbean                                             org.netbeans.examples.lib.timerbean
com.sun.forte4j.modules                                            org.netbeans.modules
com.sun.forte4j.modules.web.context                                org.netbeans.modules.web.context
com.sun.forte4j.modules.web.context.editorIntegration.dreamweaver  org.netbeans.modules.web.templates
com.sun.forte4j.modules.web.ie                                     org.netbeans.modules.web.ie
com.sun.forte4j.modules.web.monitor                                org.netbeans.modules.web.monitor
com.sun.forte4j.modules.web.taglibed                               org.netbeans.modules.web.taglibed
com.sun.forte4j.modules.web.util                                   org.netbeans.modules.web.util
com.sun.forte4j.modules.web.wizardfw                               org.netbeans.modules.web.wizards.wizardfw
com.sun.forte4j.modules.web.wizards.jsppage                        org.netbeans.modules.web.wizards.beanjsp
com.sun.forte4j.modules.webie                                      org.netbeans.modules.web.ie
com.sun.forte4j.tags                                               org.netbeans.lib.jsptags
